Goal:

Build a live prototype for a simple hotel website and reservation system. Design the webiste to give all important information to users like room types, tariffs, activities and location. Also add a section where users can put in their special requests / queries. 

Features Added:

Integrated a conversational chatbot built on a Large Language Model (LLM) to help users get instant answers to common customer queries. The chatbot is designed to simulate real customer support interactions — providing personalized, context-aware responses that enhance user experience and reduce manual support overhead.

Designed and implemented an automated email workflow to improve user engagement and trust during the reservation process. When a user submits a reservation request, the system instantly triggers a personalized confirmation email containing booking details and that the user should receive a call from resort staff in the next 24 hours to discuss the requirements and finalize the booking post payment. This was achieved by integrating an email service (e.g., Resend API / Lovable’s automation layer) that ensures reliable, real-time delivery. Parallelly, it also adds an entry to the database accessible to the internal resort staff using which resort staff can connect with the guest in order to plan their customized stay and then finalise the booking. 

Enhanced the chatbot to work as an agent-based conversational chatbot that autonomously accepts airport transfer booking requests from users and processes them on their behalf through natural language interactions. If a user wants to book a transfer, the agent verfies the authenticity of the user reservation by asking for the unique Booking Reference number. Once validated, the agent asks for basic details from the user including their contact details, flight number, number of guests etc. Once all the information is received, the agent updates these details in a database table and displays a confirmation the the user that their transfer has been arranged.


Built With:

Lovable.io
 – No-code / AI builder

React (auto-generated by Lovable)

Hosted via Lovable’s live deploy

google/gemini-2.5-flash (LLM)

Resend (For autoamted email notification)
